1. Technology is changing the way media used and studied.
2. The stock market redesigned the market throughout the world.
3. Fruits containing too much sugar have little or no value.
4. This newspaper challenged many previously accepted theories.
5. The news is not received until the following week.
6.  The commissioner will portion the funds among all the sovereignties.
7. Agriculture development is vital for poor rural area.
8. A series of observations were carried out in the classroom. 
9. Scientists are unsure when the first man lived in Africa.
10. The academic tradition of the school ensures excellence.
11. Gravity makes objects attracted one and another.
12. Journalism faces the crises in the light of the digital revolution.
13. You will study three courses and four studying modules.
14. Review all sources before drawing any conclusions.
15. The chemistry building is located in the campus.
16. Muscles make parts of body close together.
17. You will learn how to rationally assess your arguments.
18. The career services provide tips for job interviews.
19. Renovation works have been undertaken throughout building
20. Children acquire their first language without any conscious effort.
21. International exchanges formed the important part of our study program.
22. Speed is defined as how quickly an object  moves.
23. Sugar is a compound which consists of carbon, oxygen and hydrogen.
24. Implementation figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
25. Social media is criticized of causing internet addiction. 
26. Your statistical information depends on your raw data.
27. Sound waves are unable to travel through vacuum.
28. Certain organisms can reproduce using just one parent.
29. Make sure you choose a course provides great career opportunities.
30. All medical students must clean their hands before entering this room.
31. The researchers are disappointed that their materials are proved to be inconclusive.
32. Animal and plant cells have a number of structures in common.
33. We hold visiting hours throughout the year for students.
34. Food has become a political issue in the world. 
35. The shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
36.  The toughest part of postgraduate education is funding. 
37. Consumer confidence tends to increase as the economy expands.
38. A good research delivers practical benefits for real people.
39. The printers automatically print two sides of each page.
40. The article reflects a number of very interesting experiments. 
41. The sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
42. Traffic is the main cause of air pollution in many cities.
43. There is a significant difference between theory and practice of education.
44. Your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
45. A series of lectures showed economics have been recorded. 
46. The same issues featured both explanations of the problem.
47. It was hard to anticipate how all the different characters would react.
48. Make sure you have saved all files before turing off the computer.
49.  Scientists are always asking the government for more money.
50. Some vocational courses of institution are funded by private enterprises.  
51. Participants initially select from a range of foundation subjects.
52. Please write down the name of the author and the year of the publication.
53. Key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.
54. Dealing with the growing population is a challenge for many governments. 
55. The balance in diet and exercise makes a good health. 
56. Every student has a regular meeting with his or her personal mentor.
57. The new chemistry professor will deliver his first lecture tomorrow.
58. They developed a unique approach to train their employees.
59. The meeting for first year economic students is on Tuesday. 
60. The history lecture has been moved to the lecture theatre. 
61. You should provide examples to support your ideas and arguments.
62.  More graduate training is often needed after the university study is finished.
63. The nation achieved prosperity by opening its port for trade.
64. The railway makes long distance travel possible for everyone.
65. People with an active lifestyle are less likely to die early or have major illness.
66. The massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument.
67. The glimpse of something is an enormously rewarding experience.
68. Before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
69. The technician left the new microscope in the biology lab.
70.  His appointment as culture minister was seen as demotion. 
71. This essay will argue that the technology does more harm than good.
72. NASA has been at the forefront of deep space exploration.
73. Computer system provides manufacturing a high level of accuracy.
74. The thief visited the homes of several people every day. 
75. The new product failed due to a lack of demand.
76. They have both grown up in the rural areas and dislike the urban life.
77. You don't need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
78. Lectures are the oldest and most formal teaching method at the universities.
79. Nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
80. Your agent will collect commission for each house they sell.
81.  The evaluation form will be reviewed by university personnel.
82. Astronauts are using light years to measure the distance in the space.
83. The opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
84. Too much information many be avoided by good research design.
85. You should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
86. Most critics agreed with the new theory, but a few disagreed.
87.  As union members, we can influence the change of the university.
88. Climate change is becoming an acceptable phenomenon amongst a group of reputable scientists.
89. It takes a long time to walk to university. 
90. Preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
91.  A balanced diet and regular exercise are necessary for good health.
92. Global connections increased in academic communities, thanks to social media.
93. Students will focus on reporting news on changing media world.
94. Cinema and music are as important as science and mathematics. 
95. Those seeking formal extension should talk to their faculties for more information.
96. Recession triggers creativity and high rates of entrepreneurship due to a past experience.
97. Successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
98. The study center in the library has all latest technologies.
99. Distant learning can develop your career around the world.
100. Some of the features are part of previous research.
101.   Try to work with each other to build up a sense of cooperation and team spirit.
102. Exercise reduces the risk of morbid obesity.
103. Organic food is considered to be free of chemicals.
104. The lecture will cover the reason of climate change.
105. Scientists recognized the different ice types according to the water molecule content. 
106. The department has a higher than normal proportion of postgraduate student.
107. While reconciliation is desirable, the basic underlying issues must be addressed.
108.  Archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts in ancient tombs.
109. The university officer will help you locate housing and transportation.
110. We need to answer security questions, if we want to reset the password.
111. Accounting students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statements.
112. Social psychology has been considered by human behavior.
113. The most important process of farming is weeding.
114. Distant learning can develop your career around the world.
115. The department has organized a trip to London in July.
116. Sales figures for last year were better than expected.
117. The effect of advertising is open to much debate.
118. The placement of mathematics and statistics are offered every semester.
119.  Newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space. 
120. The importance of this event was not yet fully understood. 
121. There is a need for constructive dialogue between leaders. 
122. Freshwater creatures didn't appear in the paintings until the modern period.
123. The book was supported by many faculty members.
124. The commission of funds supported among authorities has raised an argument.
125. They have struggled since last year to make their services paid. 